Move examples from cog-examples to cog (#3055)
replicate/cog: examples/resnet/README.md

# resnet

This model tells you what's in an image. It's a good example of a deep
learning model that's small enough to run without a GPU if you're demoing it.

It uses ResNet50 with the ImageNet weights that ship with torchvision, so
there are no weight files to download or import -- torchvision fetches them

> the first time the model runs. Takes an image, returns the top-3 ImageNet

Reviewer: This description is internally inconsistent with the checked-in example: `cog.yaml` marks it GPU-enabled, and torchvision fetches/caches the ResNet checkpoint at setup rather than shipping it in the repo/image. Can we describe the actual runtime behavior?

```suggestion
This model tells you what's in an image. It's configured as a GPU example in `cog.yaml`.

It uses ResNet50 with ImageNet weights from torchvision. Torchvision fetches and caches the checkpoint the first time the model starts, so startup requires network access unless the checkpoint is already cached. Takes an image, returns the top-3 ImageNet
```

Author: Fixed — README now states it's a GPU example and that torchvision fetches/caches the checkpoint at startup (network needed unless cached).
